have a game I want to play with you both
absolutely you each have five cards in
your hand with random phrases on them
I'm going to read a sentence from one of
my cards with a blank in it you tell me
which of your cards best completes the
sentence and the guy with the better
answer wins two tickets to Fandango
movies okay so this one's very
appropriate for your movie because it's
kind of a catch phrase in your film rock
out with your blank out rock out with
your sausage fingers out mmm rock out
with your tasteful action crack out a
peaceful see I have the judgment call
Michael that's you awesome to play mega
piggies so now take another card so you
have five oh you're alive okay who are I
got it the worst thing I woke up to
after a night out was hmm no come on
stache ride a chain-smoking
five-year-old mm-hmm
miles that's when I went out there had
another one I was better actually
chainsaw referral I accidentally sent a
picture of blank to a co-worker an eight
year old retired Chinese gymnast I loved
it was higher than eight years okay when
you're the best you just get was I
accidentally sent a picture of blank to
a co-worker a really sad man in tiny
shoes yeah it is it's all right one more
guys and this one's tougher degree of
difficult because you have to use - last
time I cleaned my blank
I found blank last time I cleaned my
crotch first I found it for long last
time I cleaned my bud Hair Braiding I
found a whales
bleached blowhole that's a time oh my
god
good job guys Thank You mr. 60 knots so
well done yeah she ate it man we always
have to sprinkle in a little bit on just
a little bit I might as leach
you know wail blowhole yeah I do where
you say blow blow you can pull it off
[Music]
you